76. Rick JamesCome Get It!
You and I, we fit together like a glove on a hand
That's right, don't you know
That I would gladly take you anywhere you wanted to go.
You and me are as close as three part harmony, wouldn't you agree?
And in the chance our romance ended it would surely be the end of me.
Some people might say I'm infatuated, I don't care
'Cause they really don't know
They'll never see or hear the things I do with you.
So far as I'm concerned they all can go to hell.
Woh, woh, woh, woh baby cakes, now swing it sugar.
Do, do, do, do,do, just swing it baby,
You and I, will be together until the six is nine, that's right.
When you need me I never hesitate,
I always come, it's so much fun. Yeah!
You and I, although we're poor our love has brought
More wealth than Hughes, himself
And if by chance there is an afterlife when we die
You and I, I'll spend it with you
Some people might say I'm infatuated, I don't care
'Cause they really don't know
They'll never see or hear the things I do with you.
So far as I'm concerned they all can go to hell.
Woh, woh, woh, woh, baby cakes, now swing it sugar.
Do, do, do, do,do, just swing it baby, Can't take it baby
You and I, you and me are going to be together eternally
You and I, you and me are going to be together eternally
You and I, you and me are going to be together eternally
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You and I, you and me
Dance girl, ev'rybody on the floor, ev'rybody dance on the floor
Dance on the floor, ev'rybody dance on the floor, hey, you over there
Ev'rybody dance on the floor, ev'rybody dance on the floor
Now shake it on down.
Ev'rybody dance on the floor, ev'rybody dance on the floor
Shake your bootie now, ev'rybody shake your bootie now.
ev'rybody shake your bootie now.
Do, do do do do do do do do do do
Ev'rybody dance on the floor, dance ya'll
Ev'rybody dance on the floor, come on baby, all right
Dance, dance, dance and shout, let's dance and shout
Get on the floor ya'll, dance and shout, don't just stand there yeah!
Dance and shout, don't just stand there, yeah!
Dance ya'll, dance and shout
The latest groove so you can move on the floor
Ev'rybody dance on the floor
The latest groove so you can move on the floor
Ev'rybody dance on the floor
The latest groove so you can move on the floor
Ev'rybody dance on the floor
Ev'rybody lay your bootie down, ev'rybody shake your bootie now.
Can't hear you,shout, ev'rybody shake your bootie now
Ev'rybody shake your bootie now, ev'rybody shake your bootie now.
Shake it on down, shake your bootie now
Ev'rybody dance on the floor, do, do, do,
	