69. Meek Mill Featuring Chris Brown & Nicki MinajDreams Worth More Than Money
Baby, is you drunk, is you had enough?
Are you here lookin' for love?
Got the club goin' crazy
All these bitches, but my eyes on you
Is you somebody's baby?
If you ain't, girl what we gon' do?
If you, we gon' need it, baby
Give it all up for you right now
We got the club goin' crazy
All eyes on you
She was the baddest, I was the realest
We was the flyest, up in the building
We was countin' this money, lovin' the feelin'
Look at you now, in love with a hitta
But now it's all eyes on me, and it all lies on me
To say somethin' to your pretty ass
I'm hood nigga, what you lookin' at?
'Cause I'm good for that, Birkin bags, I'm good for that
Might just be your plug for that
You might fall in love with that, got love for that
What's your name? Who you with?
Where you from? You the shit
Choose and pick, get the right one
All these chicks, got to like one
All these hit you, got to like one
All these bottles, got to like some
All these models, got the right one
What you gon' do? Hide or run?
Baby, is you drunk, is you had enough?
Are you here lookin' for love?
Got the club goin' crazy
All these bitches, but my eyes on you
Is you somebody's baby?
If you ain't, girl what we gon' do?
If you, we gon' need it, baby
Give it all up for you right now
We got the club goin' crazy
All eyes on you
He was the realest, I was the baddest
We was the illest
When he approached me, I said, "Yo what the deal is?"
In and out them dealers, rockin' chinchillas
I got him in the back of that back, I think he catchin' feelings
Now it's all eyes on us, and it's all eyes on trust
And if them bitches wanna trip, tell 'em they tour guides on us
This kitty cat on reclusive, he duck, duckin' them gooses
I put him on to that new new, now he only fuck with exclusives
He was like, (What's your name?), my name Nick
(Where you from?) New York in this bitch
(Choose and pick) You got the right one
All them hoes, ain't nothin' like them
Nigga you know you'd never wife them
None of them bitches, ain't never hit this
Still at the top of all their hit lists
What they gon' do? Meek and Nick
	